DEVDOCS-3013: [update] GraphQL carts & checkout (#1940)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/storefront/graphql/graphql-api-overview.mdx

<Callout type="info">

> #### Early access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The GraphQL Storefront API is in early access and is feature-complete following the release of Cart & Checkout. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GraphQL Storefront API is feature-complete  
```

</Callout>

> BigCommerce's GraphQL Storefront API makes it possible to power a headless storefront, see [Introduction to Headless Commerce](/api-docs/storefronts/guide/overview) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BigCommerce's GraphQL Storefront API makes it possible to power a headless storefront; see [Introduction to Headless Commerce](/api-docs/storefronts/guide/overview) for details.
```

> Also, the GraphQL Storefront lets you query storefront data from within a [Stencil](/stencil-docs/getting-started/about-stencil) theme, or from external websites or applications in a headless shopper experience. This GraphQL API serves as a flexible interface for building shopper experiences. For example, with the GraphQL Storefront API, it is possible to do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GraphQL Storefront API also lets you query storefront data from within a [Stencil](/stencil-docs/getting-started/about-stencil) theme. 

This graph serves as a flexible interface for building shopper experiences. For example, with the GraphQL Storefront API, it is possible to do the following:
```

* Query product catalog data to help shoppers find the product they're looking for through BigCommerce's searching, filtering, and sorting capabilities.
* Request any product's images at any resolution.

> * Ask for customer details such as name, email address, and attributes (if logged in).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ask for a signed-in customer's details, such as name, email address, and attributes.
```

* Look up objects, such as categories or brands, by URL, and fetch their details.

> * Create new carts and fetch existing carts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create new carts, fetch existing carts, and initiate checkout.
```

> * Build frontend applications on top of a BigCommerce [Stencil](/stencil-docs/getting-started/about-stencil) theme or on a headless storefront.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
